Situation: Xiao-I Corporation provided an update on its VIE’s ongoing patent infringement lawsuit with Apple Computer Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Apple Inc., and Apple Computer Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (together and collectively, “Apple”) (the “Lawsuit”). The Lawsuit, which involves claims that Apple infringed on VIE’s intellectual property related to artificial intelligence technology, reached a new phase in the legal proceedings. On September 24, 2024, the Shanghai High People’s Court (the “Court”) held a hearing on the case, both VIE’s and Apple’s legal teams were in attendance for the hearing, which marks the latest step in this dispute. As previously disclosed, the trial phase of the Lawsuit was concluded on July 31, 2024, and the parties to the Lawsuit are currently awaiting the Court’s final ruling.
Situation: Confluent, Inc., Current 2024, Sep 17, 2024 through Sep 18, 2024.
Situation: Apple Inc. Presents at Current 2024, Sep-17-2024 . Speakers: Elkhan Dadashov, Staff Engineer, Thomas Weise, Software Engineer.
Situation: The U.S. Food and Drug Administration authorized the first over-the-counter (OTC) hearing aid software device, Hearing Aid Feature, intended to be used with compatible versions of the Apple AirPods Pro headphones. Once installed and customized to the user's hearing needs, the Hearing Aid Feature enables compatible versions of the AirPods Pro to serve as an OTC hearing aid, intended to amplify sounds for individuals 18 years or older with perceived mild to moderate hearing impairment. More than 30 million American adults report some degree of hearing loss. Hearing loss can be caused by aging, exposure to loud noises, certain medical conditions, and other factors. Hearing loss can have a negative effect on communication, relationships, school or work performance and emotional well-being. Using hearing aids has been linked to reductions in the frequency or severity of cognitive decline, depression and other health problems in older adults. The FDA's OTC hearing aid regulations established in October 2022 represented a significant step toward helping ensure that adults with mild to moderate hearing loss have improved access to more safe and effective product options. The rule enabled consumers with perceived mild to moderate hearing impairment to purchase hearing aids directly from stores or online retailers without the need for a medical exam, prescription or seeing an audiologist. Today's authorization exemplifies the FDA's continued commitment to provide safe and effective solutions for those with hearing loss, while also fostering innovation and convenience. The Hearing Aid Feature (HAF) is a software-only mobile medical application that is intended to be used with compatible versions of the AirPods Pro. The HAF utilizes a self-fitting strategy, and users may adjust it to meet their hearing needs without the assistance of a hearing professional. The HAF is set up using an iOS device (e.g., iPhone, iPad), and the user's hearing levels are accessed from the iOS HealthKit to customize the HAF. Users can refine the volume, tone and balance settings after setting up the HAF. The HAF was evaluated in a clinical study with 118 subjects with perceived mild to moderate hearing loss, at multiple U.S. sites. The results demonstrated that subjects who used the HAF self-fitting strategy achieved similar perceived benefit as subjects who received professional fitting of the same device. Results also showed comparable performance for tests measuring levels of amplification in the ear canal, as well as a measure of speech understanding in noise. No adverse events related to the device were observed in this study. This application was reviewed under the FDA's De Novo premarket review pathway, a regulatory pathway for some low- to moderate-risk devices that are novel and for which there is no prior legally marketed device. As part of the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's strategic priority to advance health equity, the Center will continue to support innovation that expands access to important technologies and brings health care directly to patients. The FDA granted marketing authorization of the Hearing Aid Feature to Apple Inc.
Situation: I.I.R Ltd., FinovateFall 2024, Sep 09, 2024 through Sep 11, 2024. Venue: The Marriott Marquis Times Square, New York, United States.
Situation: I.I.R Ltd., FinovateFall 2024, Sep 09, 2024 through Sep 11, 2024. Venue: Marriott Marquis Times Square, New York, New York, United States.
Situation: Apple Inc. Presents at FinovateFall 2024, Sep-09-2024 . Venue: The Marriott Marquis Times Square, New York, United States. Speakers: Michelle Julia Ng, Software Engineer.
Situation: Apple Inc. Presents at FinovateFall 2024, Sep-09-2024 . Venue: Marriott Marquis Times Square, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Michelle Julia Ng, Software Engineer.
Situation: Apple Inc. (NasdaqGS:AAPL) is in talks to invest in OpenAI (OpenAI, L.L.C.), a move that would cement ties to a partner integral to its efforts to gain ground in the artificial-intelligence race. The investment would be part of a new OpenAI fundraising round that would value the ChatGPT maker above $100 billion, people familiar with the situation said. The Wall Street Journal reported on August 28, 2024 that venture-capital firm Thrive Capital (Thrive Capital Management, LLC) is leading the round, which will total several billion dollars, and Apple rival Microsoft Corporation (NasdaqGS:MSFT) is also expected to participate.
Situation: Apple Inc. announced that Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri will transition from his role on January 1, 2025. Maestri will continue to lead the Corporate Services teams, including information systems and technology, information security, and real estate and development, reporting to Apple CEO Tim Cook. As part of a planned succession, Kevan Parekh, Apple’s Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis, will become Chief Financial Officer and join the executive team. During his time as CFO, Maestri enabled essential investments and practiced robust financial discipline, which together helped the company more than double its revenue, with services revenue growing more than five times. Parekh has been at Apple for 11 years and currently leads Financial Planning and Analysis, G&A and Benefits Finance, Investor Relations, and Market Research. Prior to this role, Parekh led Worldwide Sales, Retail, and Marketing Finance. He began his tenure leading the financial support of Apple’s Product Marketing, Internet Sales and Services, and Engineering teams. Before joining Apple, Parekh held various senior leadership roles at Thomson Reuters and General Motors, where he also had extensive global experience. Parekh is an electrical engineer with a Bachelor’s of Science from the University of Michigan and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
Situation: Apple Inc., $ 0.25, Cash Dividend, Aug-12-2024
Situation: From March 31, 2024 to June 29, 2024, the company has repurchased 138,773,000 shares, representing 0.9% for $26,000.03 million. With this, the company has completed the repurchase of 2,930,246,317 shares, representing 17.55% for $490,907.69 million under the buyback announced on May 1, 2018.
Situation: Apple Inc., Q3 2024 Earnings Call, Aug 01, 2024
Situation: Apple Inc.’s board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.25 per share of the Company’s common stock. The dividend is payable on August 15, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 12, 2024.
Situation: Apple Inc. reported earnings results for the third quarter and nine months ended June 29, 2024. For the third quarter, the company reported revenue was USD 85,777 million compared to USD 81,797 million a year ago. Net income was USD 21,448 million compared to USD 19,881 million a year ago. Basic earnings per share from continuing operations was USD 1.4 compared to USD 1.27 a year ago. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was USD 1.4 compared to USD 1.26 a year ago. For the nine months, revenue was USD 296,105 million compared to USD 293,787 million a year ago. Net income was USD 79,000 million compared to USD 74,039 million a year ago. Basic earnings per share from continuing operations was USD 5.13 compared to USD 4.69 a year ago. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was USD 5.11 compared to USD 4.67 a year ago.
Situation: Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP announced proposed settlement in the 2019 Apple Securities Litigation. Investors are herby notified that a hearing will be held on September 17, 2024, at 2:00 p.m., before the Honorable Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers at the United States District Court, Northern District of California, Ronald V. Dellums Federal Building & U.S. Courthouse, Courtroom 1 – 4th Floor, 1301 Clay Street, Oakland, CA 94612, to determine whether: the proposed settlement (the Settlement) of the above-captioned action as set forth in the Amended Stipulation of Settlement (Stipulation) for $490 million in cash should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable, and adequate; the Judgment as provided under the Stipulation should be entered dismissing the Action with prejudice; to award Lead Counsel attorneys’ fees and expenses out of the Settlement Fund and to award Representative Parties for their time and expenses pursuant to 15 U.S.C. §78u-4(a)(4), and, if so, in what amount, and the Plan of Allocation should be approved by the Court as fair, reasonable, and adequate.
Situation: Apple Inc.(NasdaqGS:AAPL) dropped from Russell 1000 Dynamic Index
Situation: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, HPE Discover 2024, Jun 17, 2024 through Jun 20, 2024. Venue: Venetian Convention and Expo Center, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
Situation: Apple Inc. unveiled a suite of innovative new tools and resources designed to enable developers worldwide to create more powerful and efficient apps across all Apple platforms. With Xcode® 16, developers can save time in their development process and get more done due to features like Swift® Assist and predictive code completion. New and expanded APIs give developers the tools to advance their apps and introduce features. Xcode 16 sets anew standard for developer productivity, offering features and performance enhancements that empower developers to build exceptional apps faster than ever before. Swift Assist serves as a companion for all of adeveloper’s coding tasks, so they can focus on higher-level problems and solutions. It’s seamlessly integrated into Xcode, and knows the latest software development kits (SDKs) and Swift language features, so developers will always get the latest code features that blend perfectly into their projects. With Swift Assist, tasks like exploring new frameworks and experimenting with new ideas are just one request away. Swift Assist uses a powerful model that runs in the cloud — and like all Appledeveloper services, it is built with privacy and security in mind. Developers’ code is only used to process requests and never stored on servers, and Apple will not use it to train machine learning models. The new predictive code completion engine in Xcode uses a unique model specifically trained for Swift and Apple SDKs, and can suggest the code developers need. Code completion is powered entirely by Apple silicon and machine learning enhancements in macOS® Sequoia, and runs locally on adeveloper’s device — meaning that code is kept completelyprivate, and developers can receive relevant suggestions quickly even when working offline. Xcode previews now offeranew dynamic linking architecture that uses the same build artifacts for previews and code execution, making for a smoother and more productive workflow when switching between the two. Additional enhancements to testing environments in Xcode 16 make it easier than ever for developers to see how their apps perform in real-world conditions from the moment they begin building them. For example, developers can now localize and test their apps’ privacy policies, license agreements, and subscription group display name. Swift 6 introduces new capabilities aimed at enhancing developer productivity and code clarity. As multicore architectures have made devices more powerful, Swift has continually added features to make concurrent programming easier. Swift 6 introduces compile-time data-race safety, which diagnoses concurrent access to memory across adeveloper’s project at compile time. This advancement allows errors to be caught and fixed with minimal changes to the entire codebase, enhancing code safety and maintainability for the future. WWDC24 marks the 10th anniversary of Swift. Since its launch, Swift has empowered developers to create high-quality experiences across Apple’s ecosystem. Nearly 1 million apps use Swift, and it’s utilized throughout Apple’s software stack — from apps and frameworks, all the way down to firmware like Secure Enclave. A decade in, Apple remains deeply committed to advancing Swift’s capabilities and fostering collaboration within the developer community. Apple is expanding the availability of Swift to a broader range of developers and programmers, with support for additional code editors that leverage the Language Server Protocol. Furthering its expansion, an all-new GitHub organization dedicated to Swift will host a number of critical projects for the Swift ecosystem — including the Swift compiler, Foundation, and other key libraries. The new Swift Testing framework offersdevelopers expressive APIs that make it simple to write tests. It’s cross-platform and easy to learn, so developers can use it to write tests for a variety of platforms and domains. The framework also includes a flexible tagging system to help developers organize their tests and test plans. Swift Testing is designed for many Swift use cases, from apps to servers. Game Porting Toolkit 2 With the introduction of Game Porting Toolkit, developers have been able to bring their games to Apple devices faster than ever, and gaming enthusiasts can experience more games on Mac®. Game Porting Toolkit 2 takes this to the next level with some of the most-requested capabilities from game developers, making it even easier to bring advanced games to Mac, as well as iPhone® and iPad®. Whether adeveloper is bringing an existing game or one that’s currently in development to Apple devices, Game Porting Toolkit 2 saves precious time. Due to improved compatibility with Windows games, powerful new shader debugging tools, and updates to Xcode that let developers unify their game code and shaders across devices, it’s never been easier to create amazing games across iPhone, iPad, and Mac. visionOS 2 Apple Vision Pro™ continues to attract developers from all over the world who tap into its unique capabilities to create new spatial experiences — all powered by visionOS, the revolutionary spatial operating system that seamlessly blends digital content with the physical world. visionOS 2 introduces new APIs and frameworks, assisting developers with creating complex and nuanced spatial experiences that were never before possible. New volumetric APIs give developers more control over how 3D objects appear in their apps, and allow even the most complex spatial apps to run side by side for the ultimate multitasking experience. TabletopKit makes it easy for developers to build spatial app experiences that anchor to flat surfaces, like manufacturing workstations or board and card games. RealityKit® simplifies development for apps that support multiple Apple devices, decreasing development time and making workflows more efficient for Universal apps. Developers can more easily create beautiful and immersive environments within their apps through new APIs, improved tooling, and a simplified development process. It’s also even easier to develop incredible spatial SharePlay™ experiences, and developers without Apple Vision Pro hardware can now create and preview SharePlay-based apps in Simulator. visionOS 2 also supports HealthKit ®, which allows apps to privately and securely access and share health data. New enterprise APIs will help enterprises and business developers supercharge their workflows in healthcare, manufacturing, aerospace, automotive, and beyond. Additional Platform APIs Developers can adopt the new Controls API to let users accomplish even more tasks from even more places, such as to quickly unlock their vehicle or open their favorite third-party camera right from the Control Center. AccessorySetupKit allows developers to seamlessly and securely pair Bluetooth accessories through their app without relying on access to all nearby Bluetooth accessories, keeping other devices private.
Situation: Apple introduced Apple Intelligence, the personal intelligence system for iPhone, iPad, and Mac that combines the power of generative models with personal context to deliver intelligence that’s incredibly useful and relevant. Apple Intelligence is deeply integrated into iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS® Sequoia. It harnesses the power of Apple silicon to understand and create language and images, take action across apps, and draw from personal context to simplify and accelerate everyday tasks. With Private Cloud Compute, Apple sets a new standard for privacy in AI, with the ability to flex and scale computational capacity between on-device processing and larger, server-based models that run on dedicated Apple silicon servers. Apple Intelligence unlocks new ways for users to enhance their writing and communicate more effectively. With brand-new systemwide Writing Tools built into iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia, users can rewrite, proofread, and summarize text nearly everywhere they write, including Mail, Notes, Pages®, and third-party apps. Deep understanding of language also extends to Notifications. Apple Intelligence powers exciting image creation capabilities to help users communicate and express themselves in new ways. With Image Playground, users can create fun images in seconds, choosing from three styles: Animation, Illustration, or Sketch. Image Playground is easy to use and built right into apps including Messages. It’s also available in a dedicated app, perfect for experimenting with different concepts and styles. All images are created on device, giving users the freedom to experiment with as many images as they want. With Image Playground, users can choose from a range of concepts from categories like themes, costumes, accessories, and places; type a description to define an image; choose someone from their personal photo library to include in their image; and pick their favorite style. With the Image Playground experience in Messages, users can quickly create fun images for their friends, and even see personalised suggested concepts related to their conversations. For example, if a user is messaging a group about going hiking, they’ll see suggested concepts related to their friends, their destination, and their activity, making image creation even faster and more relevant. By simply typing a description, their Genmoji appears, along with additional options. Users can even create Genmoji of friends and family based on their photos. Just like emoji, Genmoji can be added inline to messages, or shared as a sticker or reaction in a Tapback®. New Features in Photos Give Users More Control: Searching for photos and videos becomes even more convenient with Apple Intelligence. Natural language can be used to search for specific photos, such as “Maya skateboarding in a tie-dye shirt,” or “Katie with stickers on her face.” Search in videos also becomes more powerful with the ability to find specific moments in clips so users can go right to the relevant segment. Additionally, the new Clean Up tool can identify and remove distracting objects in the background of a photo — without accidentally altering the subject. With Memories, users can create the story they want to see by simply typing a description. Using language and image understanding, Apple Intelligence will pick out the best photos and videos based on the description, craft a storyline with chapters based on themes identified from the photos, and arrange them into a movie with its own narrative arc. Users will even get song suggestions to match their memory from Apple Music®. As with all Apple Intelligence features, user photos and videos are kept private on device and are not shared with Apple or anyone else. Siri Enters a New Era: Powered by Apple Intelligence, Siri® becomes more deeply integrated into the system experience. With richer language-understanding capabilities, Siri is more natural, more contextually relevant, and more personal, with the ability to simplify and accelerate everyday tasks. It can follow along if users stumble over words and maintain context from one request to the next. Additionally, users can type to Siri, and switch between text and voice to communicate with Siri in whatever way feels right for the moment. Siri also has a brand-new design with an elegant glowing light that wraps around the edge of the screen when Siri is active. Siri can now give users device support everywhere they go, and answer thousands of questions about how to do something on iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Users can learn everything from how to schedule an email in the Mail app, to how to switch from Light to Dark Mode. With Apple Intelligence, Siri will be able to take hundreds of new actions in and across Apple and third-party apps. For example, a user could say, “Bring up that article about cicadas from my Reading List,” or “Send the photos from the barbecue on Saturday to Malia,” and Siri will take care of it. A New Standard for Privacy in AI: To be truly helpful, Apple Intelligence relies on understanding deep personal context while also protecting user privacy. A cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on-device processing, and many of the models that power it run entirely on device. To run more complex requests that require more processing power, Private Cloud Compute extends the privacy and security of Apple devices into the cloud to unlock even more intelligence. With Private Cloud Compute, Apple Intelligence can flex and scale its computational capacity and draw on larger, server-based models for more complex requests. These models run on servers powered by Apple silicon, providing a foundation that allows Apple to ensure that data is never retained or exposed. Independent experts can inspect the code that runs on Apple silicon servers to verify privacy, and Private Cloud Compute cryptographically ensures that iPhone, iPad, and Mac do not talk to a server unless its software has been publicly logged for inspection. Apple Intelligence with Private Cloud Compute sets a new standard for privacy in AI, unlocking intelligence users can trust. Additionally, ChatGPT will be available in Apple’s systemwide Writing Tools, which help users generate content for anything they are writing about. With Compose, users can also access ChatGPT image tools to generate images in a wide variety of styles to complement what they are writing. Privacy protections are built in for users who access ChatGPT — their IP addresses are obscured, and OpenAI won’t store requests. ChatGPT’s data-use policies apply for users who choose to connect their account. ChatGPT will come to iOS 18, iPadOS 18, and macOS Sequoia later this year, powered by GPT-4o. Users can access it for free without creating an account, and ChatGPT subscribers can connect their accounts and access paid features right from these experiences.
Situation: Apple previewed iPadOS 18, a major release that enhances the iPad® experience, making it more versatile and intelligent than ever. With iPadOS 18, Calculator comes to iPad with Math Notes, along with new handwriting tools in Notes — all designed for Apple Pencil®. iPad users now have more ways to customize the Home Screen and Control Center, and with iPadOS 18, users receive the biggest redesign of the Photos app to date and new ways to express themselves in Messages. iPadOS 18 also introduces Apple Intelligence™, the personal intelligence system for iPhone®, iPad, and Mac that combines the power of generative models with personal context to deliver intelligence that’s incredibly useful and relevant. Built with privacy from the ground up, Apple Intelligence is deeply integrated into iPadOS 18, iOS 18, and macOS® Sequoia. It understands and creates language and images, takes action across apps, and draws from personal context, simplifying and accelerating everyday tasks. Taking full advantage of the power of Apple silicon and the Neural Engine, Apple Intelligence will be supported on iPad models with an M-series chip. Calculator on iPad Delivers a New Way to Solve with Math Notes: An all-new Math Notes calculator allows users to type or write out mathematical expressions and see them instantly solved in their own handwriting. They can also assign values to variables when learning new concepts in class, calculating a budget, and more. With a new graphing feature, users can write or type an equation and insert a graph with just one tap, and can even add multiple equations on the same graph to see how they relate. And Math Notes are automatically accessible in the Notes app in the new Math Notes folder. More Flexible Handwritten Notes with Smart Script: With the power of Apple Pencil, Smart Script makes handwritten notes fluid, flexible, and easier to read, all while maintaining the look and feel of a user’s personal handwriting. Smart Script allows users to write quickly without sacrificing legibility by smoothing and straightening handwritten text in real time. And it makes editing handwritten text just as simple as editing typed text. With Apple Pencil, users can easily add space, scratch out a sentence, or even paste typed text in their own handwriting, and the paragraph will automatically reflow to fit the new content. Control Center has been redesigned to provide easier access to many of the things users do every day, and it gets new levels of customization and flexibility. The redesign delivers quick access to new groups of a user’s most-utilized controls, such as media playback, Home controls, and connectivity, as well as the ability to easily swipe between each. Users can now add controls from supported third-party apps into Control Center all from one place. Developers can take advantage of the new Controls API to let their users accomplish even more tasks, like quickly unlocking a vehicle or instantly capturing content for social media. A New Tab Bar Brings Easier Navigation: A redesigned tab bar floats above app content and complements the sidebar to help users stay focused on what matters most while keeping favorite tabs within reach. The new floating tab bar elegantly morphs into the sidebar so users can dive deeper into an app’s full functionality. With the redesigned tab bar, iPad users can reorder or add other tabs from the sidebar, unlocking an entirely new way to customize in-app experiences. Safari Enables Distraction-Free Browsing: Safari®, the world’s fastest browser,2 now offers an even easier way to discover information on the web with Highlights and a redesigned Reader experience. Using machine learning, Safari can surface key information about a webpage. For example, users can review a summary to get the gist of an article; quickly see the location of a restaurant, hotel, or landmark; or listen to an artist’s track right from an article about the song or album. Additionally, with a redesigned Reader view, there are even more ways to enjoy a streamlined presentation of an article and its summary. Additional iPadOS 18 updates include: Built on the foundation of Keychain®, Passwords is a new app that makes it easy to access credentials and have them securely stored in one place, including passwords, verification codes, and security alerts. SharePlay™ gets even better this year with powerful updates to screen sharing. Users can tap and draw on their screen to point out what should be done. And for more direct assistance, users can ask for permission to remotely control a device. With Freeform®, bringing ideas to life becomes even easier. Users can create scenes to organize sections of a board by topic, or easily present content by moving around quickly. Gaming becomes even more immersive with features like Game Mode and Personalized Spatial Audio, which put players in the middle of the action in upcoming titles like Assassin’s Creed Shadows and RESIDENT EVIL 7 biohazard. And with Game Porting Toolkit 2, developers have new tools that make it easier to bring even more advanced games to iPad, iPhone, and Mac. Calendar becomes more helpful by showing both events and tasks from Reminders. Users can create, edit, and complete reminders right from Calendar. Reminders gets new tools, including the ability to view, create, and edit directly from the Calendar app; access a recently deleted list; and find subtasks in Smart Lists for quick reference. In Apple Maps, users can browse thousands of hikes across national parks in the United States and easily create their own custom walking routes, which they can access offline. Maps users can also save their favorite national park hikes, custom walking routes, and locations to an all-new Places Library and add personal notes about each spot. Accessibility features include Eye Tracking, a built-in option for navigating iPad with just eyes, and Vocal Shortcuts that enable users to perform tasks by making a custom sound.
Situation: Apple previewed iOS 18, a major release that features more customization options, the biggest redesign ever of the Photos app, new ways for users to manage their inbox in Mail, Messages over satellite, and so much more. Users will be able to arrange apps and widgets in any open space on the Home Screen, customize the buttons at the bottom of the Lock Screen, and quickly access more controls in Control Center. Photo libraries are automatically organized in a new single view in Photos, and helpful new collections keep favorites easily accessible. Mail simplifies the inbox by sorting email into categories using on-device intelligence, and all-new text effects come to iMessage®. Powered by the same groundbreaking technology as existing iPhone® satellite capabilities, users can now communicate over satellite in the Messages app when a cellular or Wi-Fi connection isn’t available. iOS 18 also introduces Apple Intelligence™, the personal intelligence system for iPhone, iPad®, and Mac® that combines the power of generative models with personal context to deliver intelligence that’s incredibly useful and relevant.2 Built with privacy from the ground up, Apple Intelligence is deeply integrated into iOS 18, iPadOS® 18, and macOS® Sequoia. It harnesses the power of Apple silicon to understand and create language and images, take action across apps, and draw from personal context, to simplify and accelerate everyday tasks. iPhone users have new ways to customize the Home Screen, Lock Screen, and Control Center. Users can now arrange apps and widgets in any open space on the Home Screen, including placing them right above the dock for easy access or perfectly framing a wallpaper. App icons and widgets can take on a new look with a dark or tinted effect, and users can make them appear larger to create the experience that is perfect for them. Control Center has been redesigned to provide easier access to many of the things users do every day, and it gets new levels of customization and flexibility. The redesign delivers quick access to new groups of a user’s most-utilized controls, such as media playback, Home controls, and connectivity, as well as the ability to easily swipe between each. Users can now add controls from supported third-party apps into Control Center to quickly unlock a vehicle or jump right into capturing content for social media — all from one place. The new controls gallery displays the full set of available options, and users can customize how the controls are laid out, including adjusting them to the ideal size and creating entirely new groups. For the first time, users can now switch the controls at the bottom of the Lock Screen, including choosing from options available in the controls gallery or removing them entirely. With the Action button available on iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max, users can quickly invoke controls available in the gallery. Photos receives its biggest-ever redesign to help users easily find and relive special moments. A simplified, single view displays a familiar grid, and new collections help users browse by themes without having to organize content into albums. Plus, collections can be pinned to keep favorites easily accessible. A new carousel view presents highlights that update each day and feature favorite people, pets, places, and more. Autoplaying content throughout the app brings libraries to life, so past moments can be enjoyed while browsing. Because each user’s photo library is unique, the app is customizable, so users can organize collections, pin collections to access frequently, and include what’s most important to them in the carousel view. iMessage receives all-new text effects that bring conversations to life by amplifying any letter, word, phrase, or emoji with dynamic, animated appearances. Users can better express tone by adding formatting like bold, underline, italics, and strikethrough. Tapbacks expand to include any emoji or sticker, and now users can compose a message and schedule to send it at a later time. When messaging contacts who do not have an Apple device, the Messages app now supports RCS for richer media and more reliable group messaging compared to SMS and MMS. iOS 18 introduces Messages via satellite for the times when cellular and Wi-Fi connections aren’t available. Powered by the same groundbreaking technology as existing iPhone satellite capabilities, Messages via satellite automatically prompts users to connect to their nearest satellite right from the Messages app to send and receive texts, emoji, and Tapbacks over iMessage and SMS.3 With Dynamic Island®, users always know when they are connected to a satellite. Because iMessage was built to protect user privacy, iMessages sent via satellite are end-to-end encrypted. Later this year, Mail will introduce new ways for users to manage their inbox and stay up to date. On-device categorization organizes and sorts incoming email into Primary for personal and time-sensitive emails, Transactions for confirmations and receipts, Updates for news and social notifications, and Promotions for marketing emails and coupons. Mail also features a new digest view that pulls together all of the relevant emails from a business, allowing users to quickly scan for what’s important in the moment. Safari®, the world’s fastest browser, now offers an even easier way to discover information on the web with Highlights and a redesigned Reader experience. Using machine learning, Safari can surface key information about a webpage. For example, users can review a summary to get the gist of an article; quickly see the location of a restaurant, hotel, or landmark; or listen to an artist’s track right from an article about the song or album. Reader has been redesigned to offer even more ways to enjoy articles without distraction, with a summary and table of contents included for longer articles. Building on the foundation of Keychain®, which was first introduced more than 25 years ago, the new Passwords app makes it easy for users to access their passwords, passkeys, Wi-Fi passwords, and verification codes. The app also includes alerts for users regarding common weaknesses, such as passwords that are easily guessed or used multiple times and those that appear in known data leaks.
Situation: Apple previewed visionOS™, a major update to Apple Vision Pro™ that introduces a powerful way for users to create spatial photos with the images already in their library, intuitive hand gestures to easily access important information at a glance, and new features for Mac® Virtual Display, Travel Mode, and Guest User. Vision Pro users can quickly and easily find their favorite spatial photos in the redesigned Photos app, manage information across all of their accounts with the new Passwords app, access new privacy tools in Safari®, and experience new capabilities in popular apps, including Apple TV® and Mindfulness. With more than 2,000 spatial apps designed for Apple Vision Pro, and more than 1.5 million compatible iOS and iPadOS® apps, visionOS enables developers to take further advantage of spatial computing with new tools, and makes it easier to create all-new app experiences that are more volumetric and shareable. Spatial photos on Apple Vision Pro bring incredible depth and realism to favorite moments with family and friends. With visionOS 2, users can revisit past memories by creating spatial photos directly from their library in the Photos app. visionOS uses advanced machine learning to transform a 2D image into a beautiful spatial photo that truly comes to life on Vision Pro. Users can share their spatial photos with loved ones to view on Vision Pro, or use SharePlay™ in the Photos app with their spatial Persona and enjoy their panoramas, spatial videos, and more — all while feeling like everyone is in the same physical space. Capturing spatial videos on Apple Vision Pro and iPhone® 15 Pro allows users to bring special moments to life and relive them as though they are back in the moment. Later this year, Canon will offer a brand-new spatial lens for its popular EOS R7 digital camera to capture gorgeous spatial video, even in challenging lighting conditions. An update to Final Cut Pro® will enable creators to edit spatial videos on their Mac and add immersive titles and effects to their projects, and with the Vimeo app designed for Vision Pro, users will be able to upload and share spatial videos for others to discover and enjoy. visionOS introduced a revolutionary spatial interface that users control with just their eyes, hands, and voice. visionOS 2 makes navigating Apple Vision Pro faster and easier for users to access key functions with new hand gestures to get to frequently used features like Home View and Control Center. New gestures allow users to see important information at a glance, like the current time and battery level, and perform actions like adjusting the volume. Apple Vision Pro productivity tools get new capabilities with visionOS 2. Later this year, Mac Virtual Display will feature a higher resolution and larger size — creating an ultra-wide display that is equivalent to two 4K monitors side by side. To create the perfect workspace, visionOS 2 also adds mouse support for additional workflow options, and Vision Pro will now reveal the user’s physical Magic Keyboard® — even when they are fully immersed in an Environment or app. Key Apple Vision Pro experiences have been enhanced in visionOS 2. Users can now personalize their Home View by rearranging apps and placing them wherever they want, including their compatible iPhone and iPad® apps. Travel Mode adds support for trains, so travelers can experience their favorite apps on the go and even dial in an Environment like Bora Bora to transform their physical surroundings. For those moments when a user wants to share their Vision Pro, a family member or colleague can be added as a Guest User and have their eye and hand data saved for 30 days. Additional features in visionOS 2 include: While in Safari, users can watch videos in an Environment, including on popular sites such as YouTube, Netflix, and Amazon. While scrolling through webpages, users can tap on panoramic photos and immerse themselves as the image wraps around them. Siri® can also read and speak the content of a webpage while users multitask; The Apple TV app brings support for multiview to Apple Vision Pro for the ultimate sports-viewing experience. Later this year, fans will be able to watch up to five simultaneous streams so they can keep track of all their favorite sports and teams; To help users achieve calm and focus, the Mindfulness app includes a new capability called Follow Your Breathing that presents dynamic visual animations and sounds that respond to the user’s breathing patterns; Systemwide Live Captions help everyone — including users who are deaf or hard of hearing — follow along with spoken dialogue in live conversations and in audio from apps; Users can view content on their Vision Pro with AirPlay® from their iPhone, iPad, or Mac.
Situation: Apple previewed watchOS® 11, with features for Apple Watch® that build on its leading sensor technology, advanced algorithms, and science-based approach to offer breakthrough insights into users’ health and fitness, and more personalization than ever. The new Vitals app surfaces key health metrics and context to help users make more informed day-to-day decisions, and the ability to measure training load offers a game-changing new experience when working out for improved fitness and performance. Activity rings are even more customizable, the Smart Stack and Photos face use intelligence to feature more individualization, and Apple Watch and the Health app on iPhone® and iPad® offer additional support for users who are pregnant. Check In, the Translate app, and new capabilities for the double tap gesture come to Apple Watch for added connectivity and convenience. Apple Watch allows users to measure important health metrics during sleep: heart rate, respiratory rate, wrist temperature, sleep duration, and blood oxygen. With watchOS 11, the new Vitals app gives users a way to quickly view these key health metrics and gain better context when it comes to their health. Apple Watch analyzes these metrics so users can now check in on their daily health status and explore noteworthy metrics at a glance, and easily see when they are out of a user’s typical range. When two or more metrics are out of their typical range, users can receive a notification, along with a message detailing how the changes in these specific metrics may be linked to other aspects of their life, such as elevation changes, alcohol consumption, or even illness. Apple’s health features are grounded in science and developed with input from clinical experts. To inform out-of-range classifications and notifications, Vitals uses an algorithm developed using real-world data from the Apple Heart and Movement Study, research that aims to advance the understanding of heart health and physical activity. Additional updates in watchOS 11 include: The Workout app offers even more workout types that can track distance using enhancements in GPS positioning, including Soccer, American Football, Australian Football, Outdoor Hockey, Lacrosse, Downhill Skiing, Cross Country Skiing, Snowboarding, Golf, Outdoor Rowing, and more. Users can also see their route maps for more workout types; Custom Workouts can now be used for Pool Swims, allowing users to customize an interval-based workout with support for sets of work and recovery, and haptics to signal it is time to move on to the next interval. Across any Custom Workout, a new Up Next workout view can show what remains in the current interval and provide a snapshot of the upcoming interval; Apple Maps offers hikes for all U.S. national parks, which can be saved to Apple Watch and accessed offline with turn-by-turn guidance, even without an iPhone nearby. Users can also create their own walking routes within the Maps app on iPhone and save the route, so they can later navigate it with just their Apple Watch; Summarized notifications, powered by Apple Intelligence™, will be forwarded from iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max to Apple Watch; Enhanced ticketing improves information provided to users on tickets in Apple Wallet®, such as when the venue opens and when the show starts. A Live Activity will start at the event so users can see their seats and other important information at the top of the Smart Stack; With Tap to Cash™, users will be able to send and receive Apple Cash® by simply holding their Apple Watch near another Apple Watch or iPhone.
Situation: Apple previewed macOS Sequoia, the next version of the world’s most advanced desktop operating system, bringing entirely new ways of working and transformative intelligence features to Mac®. macOS Sequoia is full of new capabilities, including iPhone® Mirroring, which expands Continuity by enabling full access to and control of iPhone directly from macOS. Safari® gets another big update with the new Highlights feature for effortless information discovery on webpages while browsing. The new Passwords app makes it even easier to access passwords and organize credentials all in one place. Gaming advances with a more immersive experience, as well as a breadth of new titles, including Assassin’s Creed Shadows, Frostpunk 2, and more. macOS Sequoia also introduces Apple Intelligence™, the personal intelligence system for Mac, iPhone, and iPad® that combines the power of generative models with personal context to deliver intelligence that’s incredibly useful and relevant. Built with privacy from the ground up, Apple Intelligence is deeply integrated into macOS Sequoia, iOS 18, and iPadOS 18. It understands and creates language and images, takes action across apps, and draws from personal context, simplifying and accelerating everyday tasks. Taking full advantage of the power of Apple silicon and the Neural Engine, Apple Intelligence will be supported by every Mac with an M-series chip. Wirelessly Use iPhone Right from Mac with iPhone Mirroring: macOS Sequoia makes Continuity even more magical with iPhone Mirroring, which allows users to fully access and engage with their iPhone — right from their Mac. A user’s custom wallpaper and icons appear just like on their iPhone, and they can swipe between pages on their Home Screen, or launch and browse any of their favorite apps. The keyboard, trackpad, and mouse on Mac also let a user interact with their iPhone, and audio even comes through. Users can seamlessly drag and drop between iPhone and Mac, and a user’s iPhone remains locked, so nobody else can access or see what the user is doing. It also works great with StandBy, which stays visible, so users can get information at a glance. Additionally, users can review and respond to iPhone notifications directly from their Mac. Big Updates Come to Safari: Safari, the world’s fastest browser,2 now offers Highlights, an even easier way to discover information on the web, such as directions, summaries, or quick links to learn more about people, music, movies, and TV shows. A redesigned Reader includes even more ways to enjoy articles without distractions, featuring a streamlined view of the article a user is reading, a summary, and a table of contents for longer articles. And when Safari detects a video on the page, Viewer helps users put it front and center, while still giving them full access to system playback controls, including Picture in Picture. A stellar lineup of games is coming to Mac — including the highly anticipated Assassin’s Creed Shadows, the next installment in Ubisoft’s blockbuster series — alongside new features like Personalized Spatial Audio that make gaming even more immersive. Highly anticipated titles: Developers are delivering an amazing host of new titles to Mac. Ubisoft will release Prince of Persia: The Lost Crown and Assassin’s Creed Shadows, and Capcom will offer titles from the popular RESIDENT EVIL series, including RESIDENT EVIL 7 biohazard and RESIDENT EVIL 2. The next major expansion of World of Warcraft: The War Within is coming later this year. Also on the way are Frostpunk 2, Palworld, Sniper Elite 4, and RoboCop: Rogue City, all leveraging powerful software technologies like MetalFX Upscaling to accelerate performance and deliver high-quality visuals across the Mac lineup. And Control Ultimate Edition and Wuthering Waves are coming soon, taking advantage of the latest M3 family of chips to deliver breathtaking visuals with ray tracing. Additional features in macOS Sequoia include: Messages has big updates to the ways users express themselves and stay connected, including all-new text effects, emoji and sticker Tapbacks, and the ability to schedule a message to send later. Apple Maps is introducing even more ways to explore the world, including curated hikes and custom walking routes. Beginning this fall, users can browse thousands of hikes across all 63 national parks in the United States, filtered by length, elevation, and route type, and save them to use while offline. Photos now surfaces Collections, which automatically organizes a user’s library by helpful themes, and includes a big update to search, so users can get results quickly. Note taking in Notes is getting smarter, making it easier than ever to take detailed and well-written notes. New audio transcription and summarization features with Apple Intelligence enable a device to take notes for the user, letting them stay present in a situation where they need to capture details about what’s happening. And if they need to quickly crunch a number, they can just type in an equation to have it solved automatically in their note body. An updated Calculator app lets users see previous calculations with history, and gives them the ability to see their expressions as they type. Calendar shows events and tasks from Reminders, making it easy to see, edit, or complete tasks throughout the day. An updated Month View makes it easier to see events and reminders for an entire month at a glance.
